I do not own NarutoFrom the moment Hideki Kaito laid eyes on the girl he
knew there was something off about her.He knew it in the same way he
knew the number of kunai in his hip pouch and the way he could recall
exactly what he had eaten last night. It was common knowledge, something
that seemed to him like everyone should know. Looking at her doll like
features and perfectly kept hair, he could see that there was something
off.He knew it in the way he knew when he was being watched and when an
enemy was stalking his steps. It was instinctual, on a level that
churned his gut and raised the hair on the back of his neck. Hearing her
husky voice and clear, blunt wording, he could tell that this was not a
child. It was an imposter, a spirit.The first time he saw her she was
seven, fresh from the streets of the red light district, and she walked
with a confidence and surety that belonged to no child. Her expressive
face was too clean for something from the bottom of the world, her skin
too unblemished for a resident of the bloody mist.She was bred from
whores blood and weak willed patrons, stock that refused to defend
themselves and could not strike out. He was sure she was just more
fodder for the seduction corps, a fresh pound of flesh to add to the
stables. The rumors said she was the daughter of a high end harlot and
that she would grow as slender and inviting as her mother. A few even
spoke of how pretty she already was, how exotic her tan skin was in a
sea of white, how fragile and cute she looked. She was a master of
wordplay already, a prodigy hidden in plain sight in the den of
inequity. She would bat her lashes and people would fall to their knees
for her. She had charmed one of the mythical seven swordsmen and
captured his apprentices heart.Other whispers were quieter, speaking
lowly of a corpse in the alleyways. These were darker, and Kaito found
himself somehow not surprised and deeply unsettled. She fed on flesh,
they hissed. She was four and she broke a man with her tiny untrained
hands, led him into an alleyway and tore out his throat to taste the
blood beneath. She bewitched the swordsmen and played with the soul of a
child to bend him to her will.The boy, the apprentice, the demon little
Zabuza, he trailed in after her, and he believed.The girl was not right,
he screamed in his mind. She feels like death and decay.Still, he
observed, and for all appearances, she acted like one. She and the boy
grew close, separate from the main group and gangs of young ones.When
they trained, she was slow and lacked endurance. She couldn't throw for
the life of her and her strength, while good, was not record setting.
Her only high point seemed to be that she could stretch and bend, but
never break. He thought that perhaps he was wrong, that he was being
paranoid and that missions had been trickling in to fast for him.Only
when he set her against the Hozuki did he cement his thoughts. She
didn't need speed or endurance or raw strength. She was running water,
flowing around and absorbing strikes, nimbly dodging away from punishing
blows. The little whore's girl went up against a clan member, bred and
raised for this, trained in the art of flowing like liquid, and she
showed him that there was no meaning to the kata's and stances unless he
was as she was. Unless he became the river and the seas. She struck him
down with a blow to the head, nevermind that he was taller.The demon boy
on the other side of the field left his partner with multiple fractures
and stared possessively in the distance.The unease inside him grew.The
problem was, that by all accounts- the thing, the impostor, the whore's
child know as Watanabe Ryuishi,- was an average student. By Kiri
standards she was almost explemary, never standing out too hard,
excelling only in certain area, easily dispensable. She was good at
class work, but not too good. She fought well enough, but not so well
that it was a threat. The fact that she was also a good tool and
seemingly bullied by the apprentice Zabuza spoke well of her intrinsic
knowledge of her place in the world.The higher ups saw her giving him
food and yielding to his demands and thought about how subservient she
was. It pleased them to know one of their future swordsman not only
could tame such a spitfire, but that she was knowing enough to serve
him.He saw them together and saw a wolf slowly being trained, a silent
hunter being bought piece by piece. With every touch, every conflict,
every morsel, she made him her own loyal vassal.They laughed and told
him no child could do such a thing, and if it ever came to be, they
would dispose of her like the rest. Could he not see the way she catered
to him?Kaito was there the day the boy showed off his chakra and he was
stunned like the rest. It was foul and malevolent, poisonous and vile.
He flinched and was tossed back to the dying fields and torture chambers
in his mind.The thing beside him did not even flinch and instead
controlled her pet, drawing him away and rewarding him with violence.On
a survival exercise, teaching the students to live off the land, she
built her lean to and made camp faster than some chunin he knew. The boy
settled in before the fire she coaxed to life while she went off to
gather food. His fellow instructors laughed and called her little
nadeshiko, the perfect miniature house wife. She made shelter and warm
meals, made sure the boy was comfortable.Only, when she came back she
was carrying two live rabbits. She smiled sweet and coy for the
instructors and snapped the first ones neck cleanly and it died without
a sound. Gratified they walked away.Then she looked him straight in the
eyes, and he saw the nothingness inside her, the hungry call of
eternity. He saw darkness that stretched forever and a rage like an
endless tide. He stood, frozen, and the furry thing in her hand
struggled against her. It's paws made scratches and drew blood, but she
uttered no cries and said no words, only clasped it with an iron grip.
Inevitably, she moved her tiny fist up to its slender throat and jerked
her wrist.This time, the rabbit squealed, a rasping, shrieking noise.
It's neck was broken poorly, bent unnaturally, and it's body helplessly
fought against her tiny fingers, gurgling and foaming for breath. The
agony must have been incredible, and even as heartless as he was, he
wanted to put it out of it's misery. The thing was a marble statue, a
phantom made of stone illuminated by the dancing shadows cast from
flames.She stared him in the eyes, and ended it.He found himself
scolding her for the poor kill, and she looked ashamed. Like she had
actually felt something for the creature, or that she wanted his
approval. Like she cared at all. Like this wasn't a silent message meant
for those who looked on.Struggle and fight, and you may draw blood, but
she will make you scream before you die.Still his superiors do nothing
and his coworkers begin to whisper behind his back. They call him
paranoid and delusional. They tell him to buck up and stop fretting
because she is just a child, a little girl who can be found wearing
kimono and playing with make up. They say she likes sweets and steamed
food, and that she enjoys playing in water and hates getting dirty. Her
handwriting is poor even if she is mildly more intelligent than her
peer. It means nothing. She will grow up and become a honeypot, she will
sell her body for her country, and then be on her way. Her training
begins next year.He wants to scream.They take the children to the lake,
and teach them how to swim. Only, she know it already, and she moves
unseen with the skill of a master. The instructors grin and comment on
how they have never seen such natural talent since Hoshigaki Kisame, and
isn't he the one that tested her? They laugh and begin betting on which
apprentice will grow tired of the toy first.They are blind, they do not
see. She moves like water inside and out of it. She is too at home here,
in a way no human be. She leaps and arcs in and out, propelling herself
around with abandon. Even the Hozuki is hard pressed to keep up. Kaito
sees her thick black hair trailing behind her thinks of legends of snake
women and sirens, water spirits who look so natural, filled with the
desire to drown and destroy and main. The ruin of humans and the bane of
sailors, with hearts full of sin and lives that stretch on forever.They
have forgotten the old tales, he thinks, of what happens when you force
a mermaid onto land.The graduation day comes for the older class and he
silently looks forward to getting away and taking normal missions on
break. He is stifled by these brats, their loud noises and constant
stupidity.He goes to watch for some sport and the dog appears, wielding
a live blade instead of a bokken. He goes on a bloodthirsty rampage and
cuts the children down, room by room, neck by neck. It is impressive, if
not ruthless. He is sure to be bumped up and graduated after this. Kaito
can only hope her corpse is among the dead.But no, she appears,
staggering and teary eyed. He is impressed by how thoroughly wrecked she
looks, how stricken by death she is. She stares out at the mangled
bodies of children, and she weeps.Then she roars.She comes down like a
vengeful spirit, pushing her dog down again and again. The boys demonic
chakra sings, and hers rises to greet it in harmony. Poison and
hollowness compete in the air, and he feels sick as the witch child and
demon boy fight.It is impressive and ruthless, and they tear at each
other like rabid animals, but in the end, when she comes so close to
killing him, she stays her hand.She whispers teary apologies to the boy
and embraces him, telling him that she should have helped him with this.
The higher ups laugh when they hear and marvel about how well the
Momochi boy has trained his pet. They coo about how strong she was, how
capable of a fighter, and they scrap their plans and fill the hollow in
their ranks. They graduate them both and write them down as an assault
duo.Hideki Kaito watches them go and does not voice his protests.
Hopefully she will die before the year is out, unsuited for the role she
was cast in.He thinks of empty eyes and doll faces and the sound of a
screaming animal struggling fruitlessly in her hands. He thinks of the
devotion of a boy who struck when she was not there, and the hollow
taint that lurks inside her.He tries to shove it away, to repress. He
has taken enough insults for the sake of the little witch. He moves on
with his life and ignores everything but cannot help but feel as if they
have created something terrible and that, perhaps, they are the rabbits
in her hand.AN: So remember when I said I had a few ficlets related to
the story? Well here they are. This will be snippets related to the Of
The River and The Sea story. SOme will be Canon, some crack, some AU
idea's I came up with involving the characters. SO! Here we have the
long awaited view of Ryuishi from her academy instructors eyes! This is
a canon side chapter.Also! We welcome my precious, coveted new beta,
aturnofthepage! Bless them. Their awesome and totally great and fixing
up my clutter.
